PD-90 Fix Issues with Import Data and Pool Articles (#1689)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Storage/Datasets/ImportDataScreenSCALE.md

| **Destination Path** | Enter or use the <span class="material-icons">arrow_right</span> to the left of the <span class="material-icons">folder</span>**/mnt** to expand each level of the path until you reach the location where you want to import (mount) the data. Click on the dataset to select it and populate the path. |
| **Import** | Starts the data import process. |

> {{< taglist tag="scaleimport" limit="10" title="Related Import Articles" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete line 26 (scaleimport taglist) as these links are already present in "Related Disks Articles"
```

> {{< taglist tag="scaleimport" limit="10" title="Related Import Articles" >}}

Reviewer: Delete line 26 as these article links are referenced in Line 27.

Author: The link to import articles includes the import pools article so this needs to remain as a taglist. :-)
